# CS-370-TreasureHunt

The goal of this project was to design code for a pirate non-player character that is part of a larger treasure hunt video game. The pirate needed to navigate the game world, which consists of different pathways and obstacles, to find the treasure. The code that was given included TreasureEnvironment.py containing the code for the environment, including the maze object, methods for updating the state, returning rewards, keeping track of the state and total reward, etc. Next it included GameExperience.py containing the code for experience replay, which stores episodes and supports methods for storing episodes in memory, predicting the next action based on the current state, and returning input and targets from memory. Finally, the build model which is the code to build a neural network model. The code I created myself was the deep Q-learning algorithm in the TreasureHuntGame Jupyter notebook. This involves training the neural network model using experience replay, updating the Q-values, and finding the optimal number of epochs to achieve a 100% win rate. 

 

A computer scientist is a person who studies and develops computational systems and technologies. The work they do is important because computers solve problems to serve and enrich people. The steps I take in approaching a problem as a computer scientist is gaining a full understanding of the problem, analyzing the information I have, researching, and finding a solution. An ethical responsibility I have to end users is to respect the privacy of end users and protect their personal information. That also means adhering to data protection regulations and handling user data securely. An ethical responsibility to the organization is to be professional and honest. That ensures that I avoid conflicts of interest that may compromise my judgment or the interests of the organization.
